Alex Du TP Design

~~~PROBLEM AND APPROACH~~~

The problem I faced in creating this term project
was creating a game based off of a similar flash game
found here: http://armorgames.com/play/666/smo-arena-fighter
The way I approached this is by extracting basic elements 
from the game and adding them to my code incrementally. I 
started with only the platform and movement of the two 
players. I proceeded to add more features starting with
basic ones such as weapons and default map settings. I then
added more advanced features such as the map scroll and map
and character customization. 

In my code, I chose to make object that was a sprite moving
around the map or any menu to be a separate object. Besides 
that, I had most of my game and menu navigation logic in my
main game class. Based on whatever user input was created by 
the user, I would make changes in the instances of the classes. 
Even though much of my code was repetitive in structure,
I had to make separate functions because the code still
depended on what state of the game I was in. I had one function
that was placed out of a class because I used it in enough 
different classes to the point where I thought it would be 
inefficient to rewrite that function. 


~~~USER INTERFACE DESIGN~~~

I design the user interface closely to the UI used in the
original game. I changed the original game’s double menu
to a single menu. From that main menu I chose to have all of
the different states of the game branch off from the main menu
and be able to directly access that main menu from any point in
the game. Designing the game in general, I wanted to create a UI
which was simple in design and functionality, but elegant in
usage. One thing I implemented was the responsive buttons that 
change text size. In addition, for the entire game, I decided
to use color tones that were all neutral grays or whites. During 
actual gameplay, the mutual colors of all of the setup contrasts
with the blob colors if the users change them, which allows the
user to focus more on the gameplay. 